#----------------------------#
# FREQUENTLY-ASKED QUESTIONS #
#----------------------------#

This is Project: Battle Bonds' FAQ document!
Please refer to the below for answers to FAQs about this game.
Note: If you read any sort of public facing forum post from Fossilized_Nerd or Forage Works, the FAQ section you may find is identical.


Q - How long has Project: Battle Bonds been in development?
A - Since December of 2022. Development originally began with just spreadsheeting - as a result of a literal dream the director had.
	Not exaggerating; he was awoken from sleep after dreaming of the exact concept of what you experience here. He scrambled to write down as
	much as humanly possible and then got back to bed, then finished the concept the next morning after finishing that night of sleep.
	
	The project's art director joined in February of 2023, followed by some code assistance in Autumn of that same year.
	
Q - Is the Ileas region based on a real world location?
A - Not exactly, in terms of geography. The geography is all original.
	Inspiration was drawn from several real-world places for individual locations, however. Locations include various parts of the United States,
	Iceland, the United Kingdom, Spain, and others. As our director would describe it: "generally American."
	
Q - Which battles are Doubles? Why Doubles everywhere?
A - All battles against Trainers are Double battles. Wild Pokémon battles will only be doubles in "very tall" grass, SOMETIMES. Not every time.
	
	As for the WHY doubles - there is no "core" Pokémon experience that has pushed Doubles as the primary method of play since the GameCube duology.
	The team wanted to create a new Doubles-focused experience. The game is designed entirely around this, including movepools and level-ups.
	Please, if you do not play Doubles often, give it a shot! You will enjoy  the experience if you have an open mind, we promise.
	**NOTE: This game concept was conceived of before we knew that the DLC "The Hidden Treasure of Area Zero" would strongly promote Double Battling.
	What a funny timeline we ended up in, huh? But we're glad they did it!
	
Q - What did you use to make [X]?
A - Almost all of our artwork was made using Aseprite, with some exceptions. We had numerous contributing artists that may have used their own systems.
	The arranged music from Fossilized_Nerd was generated by utilizing MIDI sequences from the original games and applying a "sound font" to them, or
	simply changing the instruments within the same font. Refer to the Credits document to see where they were sourced from.
	Other arranged music from our contributing musicians were made with various of programs. They composed their works from scratch, using the original
	source material as a reference where it was needed. Some works are 100% original.
	The game itself was made with RPGMaker XP, utilizing the engine of Pokémon Essentials and the Starter Kit.
	Animations work thanks to the Elite Battle DX plugin, a spiritual successor to the Elite Battle System plugin.
	All balancing for movepools, stats, abilities, etc. were put in a giant Google Spreadsheet. Dialogue all went in there, too.
	... and we've covered just about everything.

Q - Was AI used in making this game?
A - Absolutely not. We're repulsed by the idea of even attempting that.

Q - Where can I see who made what for this game?
A - Aside from the Credits sequence, we put a detailed list of who made which assets in the FEATURES-CREDITS Text file included with this game.

Q - Can I make content about this game? (Fan art, fan fiction, video, etc.)
A - Yes! PLEASE tell us, and be respectful about what's in it. No hate speech or slurs or anything. See the README file for elaboration.

Q - Where can I find [X] (item, Pokémon, etc.)
A - We ask you utilize what is available in game first, but if you insist, there is a full "Dex" provided with the game files.
	Just be mindful that by looking at it, you're effectively spoiling the contents of the game. We want you to be not-spoiled! And there is a Quest
	menu, so use that where you can.
	
Q - Where can I see all the buffs/nerfs of the game?
A - Check the CHANGELOG file! This will be used in the future to provide updates, in the event we release content or bug fixes.
	All balance adjustments to the core experience were applied in the earliest update, so check the oldest stuff.
	The "Dex" file does also list if a Pokémon has been adjusted from its original iteration.
	**NOTE: We only really "nerfed" one Pokémon in its Base Stat Total, and we lowered its Attack, which was not being used anyways.
			All other balance changes were made with the intent of adjusting things to be either more fun or more useful at a minimum.

Q - I think I found a bug, what do I do?
A - You can report crashes and bugs to our Discord channel #issues, we'll investigate. We need you to screenshot the error code pop-up if you get one.

Q - Can I play this with a Mac or other non-Windows device?
A - We cannot reliably guarantee that your Linux devices will work, but they SHOULD.
	Mac devices barely run RPG Maker content, so while we will say "no," that mostly comes from a place of not-knowing. It can't hurt to try.
	Just keep in mind that this game was made with the intent of it being played on a Windows device.